# SendSMS*Note: This is super early alpha. All rights reserved, use at your own risk, no guarantees offered.*SendSMS syncs Android SMS between your SIM card equipped device and your computer. An Android app pushes your texts to a computer through a server client which is deployed and controlled by you.&nbsp;## The Goal<!-- Texting from your computer can be great. You don't have to go find your phone if you left it somewhere else in the house, and if it's charging on the table for an event later in the evening you'd rather let it soak up some power even while you're in the middle of a texting frenzy.-->SendSMS syncs your text messages between your Android device and your computer using your phone as a server. Your texts aren't sent to some anonymous server controlled by an entity that you may or may not trust, ~~and all of your information is encrypted even while they're sent back and forth on your own network~~ (encryption not implemented yet).Why am I making this? Good question... I guess I just felt like it. This kind of thing already exists (though maybe not the encryption), but usually only as a package with a bunch of other features, or perhaps you have to pay for more than a couple hundred texts a month. This is free and unlimited.### UsageThree parts are necessary for this to work:- <b>Android app:</b> The included .apk file can be downloaded onto your Android device. It acts as a server, which is then connected to by the PC client. It shuttles received SMS to the PC for viewing, and sends SMS messages to contacts as requested by the PC.- <b>Client:</b> Your computer will use a client to obtain messages which are passed through the server.